[Music]
and oppressive most but you're another
that is master yet okay there mater
oh Jesus I did a bad uh what makes you
say that
hmm what makes you say that all like
yeah I got a shit ton of McDonald's here
see we're not sponsored by McDowell fuck
I'm stuck McDonald's the reason why
you'll be see use McDonald's reason why
I'm fucking stuck I'll be surprised if
you don't find me nope I heard that I
didn't see it but I heard it
why are you going upstairs there's
nothing fun upstairs
man
alright yeah look hey hey help me heat T
need to phone home I'm not the table
don't worry
help me hey have some ketchup now
where'd all my fuckin guts so much
McDonald's I want it oh there we go
oh sorry mind if you don't lost my eye I
want McDonagh there's Apple computers
fuck you go away with your stupid
overpriced products you can literally be
anywhere yes I could and
you in the kitchen maybe you're not in
the kitchen
nope paychecks are you ready sighs shit
oak weed everyday smoke weed everyday
smoke weed everyday if I'm supposed to
hear that I don't hear shit you're not
me saying that me trying to give you in
the smoke weed everyday' well
I love weed everyday smoke weed everyday
I mean every day oh what's over here oh
hey that door that's adorable
oh shit
yeah
oh fuck I'm stuck and you will even
notice where I'm stuck either I don't
think you haven't noticed so far yeah
it's some actually pretty good here but
as soon as you open that door you'll
know exactly where I am you're the
complete opposite map of where I am
[Music]
hi oh hi hi I'm on the ground
bye funk how do you not notice something
we'll read what the fuck do you not see
chairs
I see chairs okay there's that tears you
can see the chair on the ground the one
that's right in front of you it was
invisible for me probably every day
sorry every day there where the fuck are
you
the fuck are you half Knoller god damn
ass hope you wouldn't see me
fuck see you haven't forgotten how good
at profit I am funny
what the fuck is this thing I'm not with
it
I'll be it whatever the fuck that I
can't get through that door okay this
thing's fucking weird
so in other words I won't be it weird
I'll be whatever the fuck this is an
apple
why is it an apple why my in water
I mean fuck hi demon I am hungry you're
hungry yes single is food is the
community where I see all in no liya not
wine if you even use would you see my
side of this you're gonna know exactly
why I saw that
hippity-hoppity hippity-hoppity
hippity-hoppity fuck you doing man all
your clothes huh a pretty hoppity Oh
what the fuck
haha goodbye shit did you use the same
idea I add now I was a good spy you
remind me so many times now there would
be something but in it to be running by
so many times
[Music]
I'm not enough don't worry I'm not in
there or there I mean it could be around
there but I doubt it
this is cherishable careful with that we
just you just shot Snoop Dogg okay I'm
going to I'm going to jump three two one
onions Union
[Music]
do you really not see this right now
what the fuck that ain't me
fuck
brand service room service room service
room service sir
food service bottle machine broken weed
you act
I don't know wears you out
[Music]